# privacy-Policy-carddigital

Card Digital Business App

"Overview";
- The operator of this website and app is Black Land Soft. The phrases we, is used to refer to Black Land Soft. You, the user, are offered access to this website and app Card Digital, including all information, tools, and services available from this website and app, subject to your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies, and notices mentioned here.
- You engage in our Service by visiting our app or purchasing something from us, and you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions Terms of Service, Terms, including such additional terms and conditions and policies linked herein and / or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all site users, including, but not limited to, browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and / or content contributors.
- Before accessing or using our website, please read these Terms of Service thoroughly. By accessing or using any portion of this website or app, you accept these terms of service. If you do not agree to this agreement's terms and conditions in their entirety, you are not permitted to use the website or app or use any services.
- Any additional tools or features introduced to the current store are likewise subject to the Terms of Service. This page contains the most recent version of the Terms of Service at all times. We retain the right to modify or replace any section of these Terms of Service by publishing updates and/or modifications on our website. You are responsible for periodically checking this page for changes. Your continued use or access of the website or app after the posting of any modifications implies acceptance of those modifications.

"Introduction";
Business card problems are many, including restriction to a specific design or insufficient specific information. Perhaps your phone number or workplace has been changed. This is a problem to be solved by printing new business cards and destroying all old business cards. Has it ever happened to you that you lost an important business card and you searched for it and did not find it? The solution is to adopt only one smart business card through which you can easily put all the information that you want to display on your personal page and you can easily send your account link to anyone you want or through a scanner or by Qr scanning the card with any phone that has an operating system NFC. We have tried with all our efforts to collect all the popular applications and websites in all fields and make them on one profile.;

"Online App and website terms"
- You affirm that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your approval to enable any of your minor dependents to use this site. You may not use our products for any illegal or improper purpose, nor may you violate any local laws while using the Service including but not limited to copyright laws. You are not permitted to transmit or upload any malware, viruses, or other disruptive programs or suspicious applications or websites. Any violation of these Terms will result in the immediate suspension of your Services.
- We have the right to deny service to anybody at any time for any reason.
- You acknowledge that your content (except credit card information and online payment) it is available to everyone.
- This website or app could contain old information. Old information is inherently out-of-date and is supplied solely for your reference. We reserve the right to edit or delete the information on this website at any time, but we are under no obligation to do so. You acknowledge that it is your obligation to monitor modifications to our website or app.
- You may have access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any input nor control. You understand and accept that we provide access to these tools as is and as available and without any warranties, representations, or terms of any kind, as well as without any endorsement. We shall have no liability originating from or pertaining to your use of third-party tools that are optional. You should check that you are familiar with and agree to the third-party provider's terms and conditions before using any optional tools made available through the website or app. In the future, we may also offer new services and/or features via the website and app including, the release of new tools and resources. Such additional features and/or services shall be subject to these Service Terms.
- You agree that your comments will not violate any third-party rights, such as copyright, trademark, privacy, personality, or any other personal or proprietary rights. You further agree that your comments will not contain any libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive, or obscene content, nor will they contain any computer viruses or other malware that could in any way damage the functioning of the Service or any connected website. You are not permitted to use a fraudulent e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third parties about the origin of any remarks. You are completely responsible for the accuracy of any comments you make. We assume no liability and accept no responsibility for any remarks posted by you or any third party.
- In addition to the other restrictions outlined in the Terms of Service, you are banned from using the website or its content in the following ways: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) in infringement or violation of our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; or (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race If you violate any of the prohibited uses, we reserve the right to terminate your access to the Service and any connected websites.
- Our service is not guaranteed, represented, or warranted to be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free. We make no guarantee that the results you acquire from using our service will be accurate or dependable. You consent to our removal of the service for indeterminate periods of time or cancellation of the service at any time and without notice. You clearly acknowledge that your use of the service, or inability to utilize it, is at your personal risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are provided as is and as available without any representation, warranties, or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement. Black Land Soft, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers, or licensors shall not be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation, lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based on contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, or otherwise. Because some states or countries prohibit the exclusion or limitation of responsibility for consequential or incidental damages, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permissible by law in such states or jurisdictions.
- For all intents and purposes, the obligations and liabilities of the parties accrued prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement. These Terms of Service are in effect until either you or we terminate them. You can terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or if you stop using our site. If in our sole judgment, you fail to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service or if we suspect that you have failed to comply, we may immediately terminate this agreement without prior notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).";
const String onlineAppTerms10="- Upon deleting the account, all services will be stopped. If you have a card digital business, it will expire immediately.



"Service and Price Modifications"
- Our product prices are subject to change without prior notice. We retain the right to alter or discontinue the Service or any part or content thereof at any time and without prior notice. For any modification, price change, suspension, or discontinuance of the Service, we shall not be liable to you or any third person.
- Certain products or services may be exclusively available online via the website or app or in the markets. These products or services may be available in limited numbers and not returned or exchanged. We have made every attempt to display the colors and images of our products that appear on the site as precisely as possible. We cannot guarantee that the colors seen on your computer monitor are correct. We reserve the right but are not bound, to restrict the sale of our products or Services to any individual, geographic location, or governing body. We may exercise this privilege on an individual basis. We have the right to place limits on the quantity of any items or services we provide. All product descriptions and prices are subject to change at any time without notice, at our sole discretion. We have the right to discontinue any product without prior notice. Any offer on this website for a product or service is invalid where prohibited. We make no guarantee that the quality of any items, services, information, or other material purchased or accessed by you will match your expectations, nor that any faults in the Service will be fixed.
- We reserve the right to decline any order that is placed with us. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to set purchase limits per person, per household, or per order. These limits may apply to orders that are placed by or under the same customer account, payment card, and / or billing and / or delivery address. We may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and / or billing address / phone number supplied at the time the order was placed. We have the right to limit or reject orders that appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors, based on our sole discretion. For any purchases made at our store, you agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information. You agree to maintain accurate account information, including your your full name, address and phonenumber, so that we can process your purchases and contact you as necessary.
- Certain content, goods, and services accessible via our Service may contain third-party content. There may be connections to unaffiliated third-party websites on this website. We are not responsible for inspecting or assessing the content or accuracy of any third-party materials or websites, nor do we warrant or assume any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials, products, or services. We are not liable for any injury or losses resulting from the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, materials, or any other transactions on third-party websites. Please research the policies and procedures of the third party and ensure you fully comprehend them before engaging in business with them. Complaints, claims, complaints, and inquiries about third-party products must be made to the third party.
- Sometimes, there may be typographical mistakes, inaccuracies, or omissions that pertain to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping fees, transit times, and availability. We reserve the right, without prior notice, to rectify any mistakes, inaccuracies, or omissions in any portion of the Service or on any associated website, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is erroneous at any time including after you have submitted your order. Unless required by law, we have no duty to update, modify, or clarify information included in the Service or on any connected website, including, but not limited to, pricing information. No mentioned update or refresh date should be considered to indicate that all information in the Service or on any site associated with the Service has been modified or updated.
- In the event that any of our products are sent to you by local or international shipping, we are not responsible for the loss, damage, or loss of the shipment, and we are not responsible for compensating you in any way.
- If a new card is added, the QR code and the link to the personal account will be replaced and If you already have a registered card, it will stop working
